too short all right as promised I told
them to have some special guest live up
in the studio I gotta give a proper
introduction right I'm gonna do my best
to me channel right here there it is
introducing the WWE Tag Team Champions
representing both ECW and smackdown
we've got live in the studio John
Morrison is up the miss you know it
dilemma you'll sex appeal your chick
magnet thavas that is man welcome well
actually I say welcome back I told you
love welcome back as I knew you're in
the building yeah we've been here before
we get the know the 559 a couple of
times I like that this is the first time
you to a pin in this be 95 studiolo this
is nice it's nice you got get everything
going on here you got the intern over
there taking cameras real you just
graduated high school she did shots
going down to Ileana see the official
unofficial fatality roughly says she's
legal graduating
does that matter all right down the
phone business right here real real
quick business tomorrow smackdown ECW
under under the one roof of the save
mart center row quick late to 55.9 know
what they can expect from john morrison
and the miz tomorrow tomorrow night at
the save mart center you can expect
nothing less than greatness from john
morrison the myths it's going to be john
morrison and the miz vs kane and a
partner of his choosing for our WWE Tag
Team Championships and if you watch last
week we beat down caves and we plan on
beating them down tomorrow cuz that's
what we do we put the beat down on
people you know what real quick and I
hate to start off interview with some
negativity but I need to mention it I
actually saw you I know you're doing a
whole loaf run well run I saw you on our
local TV shows and we were really good
in the show radios at leeward better let
me tell you a story right tell us about
the news what's up last time we have
someone in frez was rey mysterio lecture
we're gonna talk about Rey Mysterio
carrying tomorrow night all right Ramos
here Rey Mysterio was on that show and
they had one of the dudes on that same
station you were on he's learned a paper
bag on his head took his shirt off
because like interviewing a well I'm the
mass ugly or something like this
ridiculous his ridiculous this took this
morning I saw you on that same show and
you're talking to anything like you just
said yeah we'd be down Kane and then the
chicks like King these are watching the
program will be it's cool if you don't
want double W equal leeches on but it's
like you're doing the interview five
minutes in it man this reason google oh
you get the little bit of reserves not
that hard